Update profile manager docs (#152)
threefoldfoundation/info_manual3: wiki/weblets/weblets_profile_manager.md

# Profile Manager

Currently, we're supporting four different networks.

- One for development purposes (Devnet) where you can find it at https://play.dev.grid.tf
- One for internal testing and verifications (QAnet) where you can find it at https://play.qa.grid.tf
- One for testing (Testnet) where you can find it at https://play.test.grid.tf
- One for our mainnet and you can find it at https://play.grid.tf

![](img/new_profile_manager_1.png)
Start by click the profile manager icon to open the profile manager window.

![](img/new_profile_manager_2.png)

- Fields

>   - `Mnemonics` are the secret words of your Polkadot account, [Generate yours here!](dashboard_portal_polkadot_create_account).

Reviewer: generating the mnemonics from the dashboard should be an alternative way as the new profile can generate them too.

  - Your `Public SSH Key` is used to login into VM's, Kubernetes, ...
- Actions
  - `Migrate` clicking this button will toggle **migration** mode.  
    _note:_ More info next section.
  - `Create Account` clicking this button will create a new account on the current network and create a twin for you.
  - `Generate SSH Keys` clicking this button will generate a public & private ssh keys.  

>     _note:_ Private key will be downloaded directly.

Reviewer: to be more clear as a note

```suggestion
   > **Note:** Private key will be downloaded directly.
```

![](img/new_profile_manager_3.png)

> Migrate basiclly allows your to transfer your keys from old profile manager into the new one. All you need to do is entering your old storeSecret(aka. password) and click migrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate basically allows you to transfer your keys from the old profile manager into the new one to be able to see your old deployments. All you need to do is enter your old profile's password and click migrate.
```
